* = Introduction = *
   
Group: Asian Unlimited 
Team Members: Yu Ning (Boris), Max Muthalathu, and Hsin-Yen Liu (Tommy).
Software Project - NewsOnAGo, a news aggregator 

= Details =
* 1. Vision Statement *

Elevator Summary of the Project

The Asian Unlimited is committed to building a news aggregator, a news article download application.  Our team consists of three members, Yu Ning (Boris), Max Muthalathu, and Hsin-Yen Liu (Tommy).  We will be building an application capable of downloading articles from popular online news websites such as cnn.com, newyorktimes.com, and foxnews.com. Upon downloading the article, the users will be able to search, save articles, and create albums. It will also be possible for the user to comment on the news article in the album for later usage.  The application will have an ability to make the article into a pdf or ebook format.  This will allow the user to get an article online and read it offline.  This will be our major requirement.   Our target audience will be people who are stuck in airports, train stations, and other inconvenient places.  

A Business Case for the Project

Short Analysis of the Competition:
Our major competitors are Google Reader, NewsGator Online, Rojo.com and Bloglines. We will be a stand-alone application while the majority of our competition is web based.  While Google Reader is one of the few applications available that saves articles for offline viewing, none of them saves articles into PDF and ebook formats.

Market Space:

Our product will be targeting individuals who will not be connected to the internet and wish to read the news. The software will be especially useful for people who have to travel and have pdas, smart phones, or other mobile electronics capable of reading PDFs or ebook formats.

A Description of the Project Stakeholders

The stakeholders of our project include our team, professors, and TAs. Our team consists of Max Muthalathu, Hsin-Yen Liu, Yu Ning. We are stakeholders of this project because as future users we will be depending on this program to get the news. Professors and TAs are also stakeholders in our project because they’re the ones putting their names on the line for us.

A List of the Major Features of the Completed Project

1.	Stand-alone client software
2.	Collecting and downloading the news from the selected (subscribed) website
3.	Classifying the news by categories (such as tags, title, date)
4.	Search for desired articles
5.	Saves articles to pdf and ebook format (Ability to read offline)

A List of the Major Risks of the Project

Our first risk is unfamiliarity with RSS feeds. Without this our software will not be able to perform the most basic need of an aggregator.
We also have unfamiliarity with ebook and pdf formats. This is our selling point. Without this our product would not be unique and users would not have a preference toward our product.
We have no experience in creating GUI in C++.We need a GUI to allow interaction with the user. Having no experience is a risk since we are not sure if we can learn how to make one in C++. Learning another language to implement a GUI would impose another risk of having to learn that language and understand how to complete the rest of the project in that language.

* 2. Glossary *

Aggregator	An application that downloads headlines and articles to the computer.
Headline	A heading at the top of a news article indicating the nature of the article.
RSS	A format used to update Web feeds.  It stands for really simple syndication.
Web feed	Data format that provide the news headlines/content directly to the aggregator.
Categories	Classification of articles including tags, title, date, etc…
Album	A type of scrape-book in the aggregator to put news article in.

* 3. Project Budget *

Staffing Cost:
*	Members: 3
*	Hourly Wage: $50
*	Work span:  10 hours per week, 15 weeks
Total wages: 3 * 50 * 10 * 15 = $22,500
Others: 
*	Software: UML design program – SmartDraw - $200
*	Hardware:  New computers for each individual worker - $6,000
*	Misc: Coffee, energy drinks, electric bills, internet bills - $1,200
     
Total budget required: $22,500 + $200 + $6000 + $1,200 = $29,900



* 4. Use Cases *

Use Case: GetLatestArticles
Identifier:	UC1
Description:	The GetLatestArticles use case models a User downloading the latest headlines.
Actors:	User
Preconditions:	1.	The system is running and is connected to the internet.
Flow of events:	1.	The User selects the Get Current Headlines menu option.
2.	The system displays the latest headlines.
3.	The User selects the headlines of articles he wishes to view.
4.	The system displays the articles the User selected.
Postconditions:	1. The User obtains the current articles he desires.

Use Case: SearchforArticles
Identifier:	UC2
Description:	The SearchforArticles use case models a User searching for and obtaining a particular article.
Actors:	User
Preconditions:	1.	The system is running.
Flow of events:	1.	The User inputs query to the system.
2.	The system displays the resulting headlines from the query.
3.	The User selects the headlines of articles he wishes to view.
4.	The system displays the articles the User selected.
Postconditions:	       1.   The User obtains the articles he desires.
Extension:	       1a. The system is not connected to the internet
               1. The system displays an error message to the user. 

UC3 Save Articles
UC4 Create Albums
UC5 Store Article
UC6 Comment Article

Project Status Report
We are currently on schedule.  For the time being, we have finalized the functions our application will possess.  These functions are searching, collecting, storing, creating albums, and saving to albums.  Our product will also include information about RSS feeds, since it is a critical part of our project.  Our group is currently working on the downloading headlines function for our first iteration.  Our first iteration will end next Thursday.  

We plan to do our project implementation earlier for fear of encountering difficulties in the final coding phase.  This decision allows us to not only have sufficient time to resolve unexpected problems but also achieve the goal of our project in time.

Contribution Summary
After the discussion about our project inception, the report writing each member is responsible for is listed below:
•	Hsin-Yen Liu (Tommy): Project Status Report, Contribution Summary, Layout of Inception.
•	Yu Ning (Boris): Vision Statement, Glossary, Project Budget.
•	Max Muthalathu: Use Cases, Project Schedule, Final Revision.
All content is reviewed by every member.