#labels Usecase
= Introduction =

The current news aggregator use cases

= Details =

==* Use Cases *==

*Use Case 1: GetLatestArticles*

Identifier:	UC1

Description:	The GetLatestArticles use case models a User downloading the latest headlines.

Actors:	User

Preconditions:	1.	The system is running and is connected to the internet.

Flow of events:	1.	The User selects the Get Current Headlines menu option.

2.	The system displays the latest headlines.

3.	The User selects the headlines of articles he wishes to view.

4.	The system displays the articles the User selected.

Postconditions:	1. The User obtains the current articles he desires.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Use Case 2: SearchforArticles *

Identifier:	UC2

Description:	The SearchforArticles use case models a User searching for and obtaining a particular article.

Actors:	User

Preconditions:	1.	The system is running.

Flow of events:	1.	The User inputs query to the system.

2.	The system displays the resulting headlines from the query.

3.	The User selects the headlines of articles he wishes to view.

4.	The system displays the articles the User selected.

Postconditions:	       1.   The User obtains the articles he desires.

Extension:	       1a. The system is not connected to the internet

               1. The system displays an error message to the user. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Use Case: SaveArticle *

Identifier:	UC3

Description:	The SaveArticle use case models a User saving articles into a file.

Actors:	User

Preconditions:	1.	The User is viewing an article.

Flow of events:	1.	The use case starts when a User selects the Save Articles option.

2.	The system requests the user to input a desired location, filename, and file 
association.

3.	The User browses to the desired location and inputs a filename and selects a file association.

Postconditions:	   1.  The system creates a file containing the articles according to the user specifications.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Use Case 4: CreateAlbum *

Identifier:	UC4

Description:	The CreateAlbum use case models a User creating an album for articles.

Actors:	User

Preconditions:	1.	The system is running.

Flow of events:	1.	The use case starts when a User selects the Create Album menu 
option.

2.	The system queries the user to input an album name.

3.	The User inputs an album name.

Postconditions:	       1.   The system creates an album.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Use Case 5: StoreArticle *

Identifier:	UC5

Description:	The StoreArticle use case models a User storing an article in an album.

Actors:	User

Preconditions:	1.	The User is viewing an article

Flow of events:	1.	The use case starts when the User selects article he wishes to save.

2.	The system displays the available albums.

3.	The User selects the desired album.

Postconditions:	       1.   The system stores the articles in the album.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Use Case 6: CommentArticle *

Identifier:	UC6

Description:	The CommentArticle use case models a User writing comments about an article.

Actors:	User

Preconditions:	1.	The User is viewing an article in an album.

Flow of events:	1.	The use case starts when the User selects the comment option.

2.	The system provides a text editor to make comments.

3.	The User selects the save option.

Postconditions:	       1.   The system saves the comments for the article.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
